With the worldwide Management Meetings, the VDMA offers the responsible representatives of the member companies on site a platform for the targeted exchange of experience and the development of local networks. Our Management Meetings, which take place worldwide, offer valuable assistance with questions regarding your strategic orientation and sales planning in foreign markets.As part of the event, locally responsible managers from member companies meet and discuss topics such as competitive analyses as well as marketing and sales strategies that are tailored to the respective local markets. These events are hosted by the VDMA representative offices in the respective country.Are you a manager in a foreign subsidiary of a VDMA member and interested in regular exchanges with other managers in your region? Get in touch with us!
Incoming orders are a key early indicator for the economy. Our representative evaluation of monthly incoming orders gives you a quick overview of current developments in the eastern German mechanical and plant engineering sector, including a comparison with the sector as a whole. The statistics provide valuable information on short-term market changes and offer you a solid basis for your sales and sales planning as well as for operational decisions. It also serves as a benchmark for participating companies.Our regional VDMA order intake statistics supplement our member and flash surveys as well as the annual time series of the state statistical offices and provide a comprehensive picture of the industry in the region.The statistics are available when you report your data. You can do this online in the reporting portal for incoming orders and turnover statistics, Are you already reporting your data? Then you can access sector-specific information here and find out about all relevant sectors in our extensive statistics database.Our monthly incoming orders and turnover statistics are the most important, short-term orientation aid for the industry. Don't miss the chance to benefit from this valuable information!Have we aroused your interest? Get in touch with us.
Sales and marketing experts make a significant contribution to a company's success. However, both marketing components are changing. Digitalization plays a major role here - but new, individual customer requirements are also leading to changes. The working group enables sales and marketing experts to regularly discuss trends and practical solutions to the challenges of customer acquisition and customer loyalty.Discussions includethe development of successful brandsthe role of emotionalization in B2B marketingthe use of social media in corporate communication and as a sales channelthe use of agile methodsAI-based tools in the sales processWe promote the exchange of knowledge and experience both in face-to-face events and in online meetings. The members usually meet twice a year.Together with other members of the working group, you can determine the content according to your current requirements and thus participate in the best possible way. A fixed group of participants enables you to exchange information in confidence, even on sensitive topics. You receive new impetus through the exchange of specialist knowledge and have the opportunity to make valuable contacts.If you are responsible for sales and marketing in your company and are interested in joining our working group or would like to find out more, get in touch with us!
Especially in our export-dependent industry, the focus is particularly strong on market development at home and abroad, even in remote regions. Trade shows and online activities therefore play a crucial role in our work program, as they are the most important marketing and sales channels to increase the visibility of our member companies for their customers.Together with its trade associations, the VDMA is working hard to normalize the trade show experience and is supporting its members in successfully developing alternative formats. This is because surveys clearly show that alternative channels will remain a useful addition in the future. Nevertheless, they achieve nowhere near the same impact as a trade show, as virtual contact points lack the necessary intensity and commitment.As co-organizer of the two most important trade fairs, LIGNA and HOLZ-HANDWERK, and as initiator of joint stands, the trade association plays a key role in driving forward and actively shaping the global trade fair scene. At the same time, we ourselves are also directly affected by the cancellations. In the current situation, it is important to carefully weigh up the responsibility for safety and the economic aspects.
Our platform vdma-products.com offers an optimal solution for finding the right partner quickly and in a targeted manner. You can search for specific sectors, products or companies and contact the relevant company directly.At the same time, the platform also helps to make your products better known. Every VDMA member can be included in the manufacturer directory free of charge, provided the respective industry is listed in the online database. When you become a member of the respective trade association, the contact person specified by your company will be contacted directly by the VDMA to name the products with which your company is to be listed.If you cannot find your company in the online database or your products have changed, please contact your contact person in the trade association or the VDMA Service Team directly.
The marketing and sales managers of our member companies meet twice a year in the Marketing and Sales Working Group to discuss various topics relating to corporate communications.The working group has been strengthened over the years by a consistently high level of participation. As a result, it has developed great creative power for the industry as a whole and provides valuable information for the participants. In addition, the informal exchange of ideas and the traditional meeting the evening before offer a good opportunity for networking.One of the main topics of the working group is our trade fairs. Various aspects are dealt with here, such as focus topics, service offers and set-up times for LIGNA and HOLZ-HANDWERK. Other trade fair topics and our international activities can also be presented during the meeting.Another focus will be on online communication. Here, experts from the VDMA and external partners give presentations, best practice examples from other mechanical engineering sectors are presented and surveys are conducted among the participants. The working group also made a significant contribution to the conception of the Processing-wood.com customer portal.If you are responsible for marketing and sales in your company and are interested in joining our working group or would like to know more about it, please get in touch with us!
In order to be successful in new markets, it is important to have reliable market data and ideally to obtain first-hand information from local experts. We offer both and regularly organize information conferences that focus on particularly interesting markets, even in remote regions.These events offer you concrete added value if you are planning a market entry or want to increase your local presence. Lectures and presentations provide you with comprehensive insights into the economic situation of the target region based on market studies and analyses by the trade association. Local experts will share their know-how on success factors and regulations to be observed. In addition, there are many opportunities for you to exchange ideas directly and network with local decision-makers. These events often lead to direct participation by the federal government at local trade fairs, which you can also use for your activities by participating as an exhibitor at a German joint stand. Our information conferences on special markets are aimed at all member companies. Take the opportunity to explore new economic territory by obtaining comprehensive information and making valuable initial contacts.Have we piqued your interest? Get in touch with us!
Incoming orders are a key early indicator for the economy. Our representative evaluation of monthly incoming orders and sales gives you a quick overview of current developments in the woodworking industry in the machinery and plant engineering sector. The statistics provide valuable information on short-term market changes and offer you a solid basis for your sales and sales planning as well as for operational decisions. It also serves as a benchmark for participating companies.The statistics are available when you report your data. You can do this online in the incoming orders and turnover statistics reporting portal, Are you already reporting your data? Then you can access sector-specific information here and find out about all relevant sectors in our extensive statistics database.Our monthly incoming orders and turnover statistics are the most important, short-term orientation aid for the industry. Don't miss the chance to benefit from this valuable information!Have we aroused your interest? Get in touch with us.
Participating in standardisation committees offers a variety of advantages, e.g.: Active contribution – introducing and influencing the technical contents of standards in accordance with corporate interests Knowledge lead – developing and marketing standard-compliant products earlier than others Cost reduction – avoiding costly production technology adjustments Network – sharing experiences and benefiting from one another VDMA's Construction – Equipment and Plant Engineering association carries out various tasks as part of the industry's national, European, and international standardisation activities. Nationally Manages all national working committees for construction and building material machines within Normenausschuss Maschinenbau (NAM), the German standards committee for mechanical engineering Continentally Manages the European committee CEN/TC 151 "Construction equipment and building material machines" and individual working groups Co-operates in and supports individual working groups within the European committee CEN/TC 10 "Lifts, escalators and moving walks" Internationally Co-manages the international committee ISO/TC 195 "Building construction machinery and equipment" and manages individual working groups Participates in the international committee ISO/TC 127 "Earth-moving machinery" and manages individual working groups The committees mainly focus on the development of safety-related standards. Alongside these, basic standards such as terminologies, test procedures, and symbolisms are elaborated.